So, now that we have a browser router listening to
the address bar wrapped around the main app component,
let's go and update our link on the ListContacts or in the ListContacts component.
So, if you remember we have this link over here to a new page when we create a contact.
So, first let's go ahead and import the link component from react-router-dom.
Now, down here, instead of rendering an anchor tag,
let's render our link component and
a link component will actually render an anchor tag still.
We don't need an href,
instead what we're going to give it is a to prop which is going to be a real URL.
So we will say slash Create,
react router is going to do the work for us onClick so we can delete this right here,
and now, let's save this file.
Now notice when we click on this link,
we get taken to slash create,
nothing else works yet because we haven't done everything
we need to in order to get to work,
but we now have a browser router and we have our link and when we click on it,
it updates the browser's URL.
Now the last thing because we deleted are on navigate prompt.
From our link component,
we can come up here and delete it from here as well so we no longer destructure.